STORY TIME, SWAMPLINGS!
Once upon a time there was a helpful boy called Phil K. He was on the way to see his mistress Lauren Blast, when he decided to take a short cut through Central Park.
It wasn't long before Phil got lost. He looked around, but all he could see were trees. Nervously, he felt into his bag for his favourite toy, Piglet, but Piglet was nowhere to be found! Phil began to panic. He felt sure he had packed Piglet. To make matters worse, he was starting to feel hungry.
Unexpectedly, he saw a kind goldfish dressed in a pink top hat disappearing into the trees.
"How odd!" thought Phil.
For the want of anything better to do, he decided to follow the peculiarly dressed goldfish. Perhaps it could tell him the way out of the forest.
Eventually, Phil reached a clearing. He found himself surrounded by houses made from different sorts of food. There was a house made from parsnips, a house made from chips, a house made from doughnuts and a house made from chocolates.
Phil could feel his tummy rumbling. Looking at the houses did nothing to ease his hunger.
"Hello!" he called. "Is anybody there?"
Nobody replied.
Phil looked at the roof on the closest house and wondered if it would be rude to eat somebody else's chimney. Obviously it would be impolite to eat a whole house, but perhaps it would be considered acceptable to nibble the odd fixture or lick the odd fitting, in a time of need.
A cackle broke through the air, giving Phil a fright. A witch jumped into the space in front of the houses. She was carrying a cage. In that cage was Piglet!
"Piglet!" shouted Phil. He turned to the witch. "That's my toy!"
The witch just shrugged.
"Give Piglet back!" cried Phil.
"Not on your nelly!" said the witch.
"At least let Piglet out of that cage!"
Before she could reply, three kind goldfishes rushed in from a footpath on the other side of the clearing. Phil recognised the one in the pink top hat that he'd seen earlier. The witch seemed to recognise him too.
"Hello Big Goldfish," said the witch.
"Good morning." The goldfish noticed Piglet. "Who is this?"
"That's Piglet," explained the witch.
"Ooh! Piglet would look lovely in my house. Give it to me!" demanded the goldfish.
The witch shook her head. "Piglet is staying with me."
"Um... Excuse me..." Phil interrupted. "Piglet lives with me! And not in a cage!"
Big Goldfish ignored him. "Is there nothing you'll trade?" he asked the witch.
The witch thought for a moment, then said, "I do like to be entertained. I'll release him to anybody who can eat a whole front door."
Big Goldfish looked at the house made from chocolates and said, "No problem, I could eat an entire house made from chocolates if I wanted to."
"That's nothing," said the next goldfish. "I could eat two houses."
"There's no need to show off," said the witch. Just eat one front door and I'll let you have Piglet."
Phil watched, feeling very worried. He didn't want the witch to give Piglet to Big Goldfish. He didn't think Piglet would like living with a kind goldfish, away from his house and all his other toys.
The other two goldfishes watched while Big Goldfish put on his bib and withdrew a knife and fork from his pocket.
"I'll eat this whole house," said Big Goldfish. "Just you watch!"
Big Goldfish pulled off a corner of the front door of the house made from chips. He gulped it down smiling, and went back for more.
   And more.
      And more.
Eventually, Big Goldfish started to get bigger - just a little bit bigger at first. But after a few more fork-fulls of chips, he grew to the size of a large snowball - and he was every bit as round.
"Erm... I don't feel too good," said Big Goldfish.
Suddenly, he started to roll. He'd grown so round that he could no longer balance!
"Help!" he cried, as he rolled off down a slope into the forest.
Big Goldfish never finished eating the front door made from chips and Piglet remained trapped in the witch's cage.
Average Goldfish stepped up, and approached the house made from doughnuts.
"I'll eat this whole house," said Average Goldfish. "Just you watch!"
Average Goldfish pulled off a corner of the front door of the house made from doughnuts. She gulped it down smiling, and went back for more.
   And more.
      And more.
After a while, Average Goldfish started to look a little queasy. She grew greener...
   ...and greener.
A woodcutter walked into the clearing. "What's this bush doing here?" he asked.
"I'm not a bush, I'm a goldfish!" said Average Goldfish.
"It talks!" exclaimed the woodcutter. "Those talking bushes are the worst kind. I'd better take it away before somebody gets hurt."
"No! Wait!" cried Average Goldfish, as the woodcutter picked her up. But the woodcutter ignored her cries and carried the goldfish away under his arm.
Average Goldfish never finished eating the front door made from doughnuts and Piglet remained trapped in the witch's cage.
Little Goldfish stepped up, and approached the house made from chocolates.
"I'll eat this whole house," said Little Goldfish. "Just you watch!"
Little Goldfish pulled off a corner of the front door of the house made from chocolates. He gulped it down smiling, and went back for more.
   And more.
      And more.
After five or six platefuls, Little Goldfish started to fidget uncomfortably on the spot.
He stopped eating chocolates for a moment, then grabbed another forkful.
But before he could eat it, there came an almighty roar. A bottom burp louder than a rocket taking off, propelled Little Goldfish into the sky.
"Aggghhhhhh!" cried Little Goldfish. "I'm scared of heigh..."
Little Goldfish was never seen again.
Little Goldfish never finished eating the front door made from chocolates and Piglet remained trapped in the witch's cage.
"That's it," said the witch. "I win. I get to keep Piglet."
"Not so fast," said Phil. "There is still one front door to go. The front door of the house made from parsnips. And I haven't had a turn yet.
"I don't have to give you a turn!" laughed the witch. "My game. My rules."
The woodcutter's voice carried through the forest. "I think you should give him a chance. It's only fair."
"Fine," said the witch. "But you saw what happened to the goldfishes. He won't last long."
"I'll be right back," said Phil.
"What?" said the witch. "Where's your sense of impatience? I thought you wanted Piglet back."
Phil ignored the witch and gathered a hefty pile of sticks. He came back to the clearing and started a small camp fire. Carefully, he broke off a piece of the door of the house made from parsnips and toasted it over the fire. Once it had cooked and cooled just a little, he took a bite. He quickly devoured the whole piece.
Phil sat down on a nearby log.
"You fail!" cackled the witch. "You were supposed to eat the whole door."
"I haven't finished," explained Phil. "I am just waiting for my food to go down."
When Phil's food had digested, he broke off another piece of the door made from parsnips. Once more, he toasted his food over the fire and waited for it to cool just a little. He ate it at a leisurely pace then waited for it to digest.
Eventually, after several sittings, Phil was down to the final piece of the door made from parsnips. Carefully, he toasted it and allowed it to cool just a little. He finished his final course. Phil had eaten the entire front door of the house made from parsnips.
The witch stamped her foot angrily. "You must have tricked me!" she said. "I don't reward cheating!"
"I don't think so!" said a voice. It was the woodcutter. He walked back into the clearing, carrying his axe. "This little boy won fair and square. Now hand over Piglet or I will chop your broomstick in half."
The witch looked horrified. She grabbed her broomstick and placed it behind her. Then, huffing, she opened the door of the cage.
Phil hurried over and grabbed Piglet, checking that his favourite toy was all right. Fortunately, Piglet was unharmed.
Phil thanked the woodcutter, grabbed a quick souvenir, and hurried on to meet Lauren. It was starting to get dark.
When Phil got to Lauren's house, his mistress threw her arms around him.
"I was so worried!" cried Lauren. "You are very late."
As Phil described his day, he could tell that Lauren didn't believe him. So he grabbed a napkin from his pocket.
"What's that?" asked Lauren
Phil unwrapped a doorknob made from chips. "Pudding!" he said.
Lauren almost fell off her chair.
The End
NEW STORY TIME, SWAMPLINGS!
Once upon a time, Rory lived in a hovel within a days walk of a small village in the country Novgorod.
Rory lived with Easy-going Marley, Devoted Logan, Sincere Samuel, Ugly Jessie, and Civil Tyrion.
Adventurous Casey, River the Petulant, Coherent Jamie, and Avery the Morose were friends of Rory.
Sincere Samuel unexpectedly died, leaving Rory devastated.
"This is not how you dress for your wedding day," muttered Rory the Smug to nobody in particular. "Right on?"
Rory met Barry.
"Hail and well met, Barry" ejected Rory the Smug.
"Hello there, Rory the Smug" volleyed Barry.
"Well, you certainly are willing," remarked Rory the Smug.
"Yes, I am," conceded Barry. "But it's been said that I'm also subtle!"
Barry warns Rory to not talk to Never Micah.
Barry introduced Phase Kaitlyn to Rory
"Hail and well met, Rory" noted Kaitlyn the Brilliant.
"Hello there, Kaitlyn the Brilliant" muttered Rory.
"Well, you certainly are kind," noted Kaitlyn the Brilliant.
"Yes, I am," conceded Rory. "But it's been said that I'm also Smug!"
Phase Kaitlyn said "I will tell you a story":
Micah throws Rory into a local lake.
The water was not deep, so Rory the Smug easily stands up and walks around Micah, shivering.
Rory's horse smote Micah full swing with its hoof, and cracked her skull, and Rory the Smug made an end of her with a club. And that is that.
Micah sits to this day in the pit - in Tartarus.
"And now," concluded Phase Kaitlyn, "my tale is done."
A small village played host to a never person, Micah around lunchtime.
While skulking about a small village, Micah overheard some gossip about Rory.
Micah attempted to deceive victim.
Rory unwittingly helped Micah.
Rory the Smug was driven from his hovel.
Sincere Samuel, a friend of Rory, needed money or means of existence. Times were tough.
Rory left hovel to cut down the tallest tree in the forest with a herring.
Rory was challenged to prove heroic qualities.
Rory responded to this test.
Rory encountered Cisco.
"Hello, Cisco" noted Rory the Smug.
"Well, look who this is, it's Rory the Smug" returned Cisco.
"Well, you certainly are willing," mused Rory the Smug.
"Yes, I am," conceded Cisco. "But it's been said that I'm also subtle!"
"Here," said Cisco, "you'll need this," and gave Rory the Smug the Organic-Static-Infinite-Linear bomb.
"What's this?" asked Rory.
"What does it look like?" replied Cisco. "It's a special, magical Organic-Static-Infinite-Linear bomb. Perhaps you can use it in your struggle with Never Micah."
Rory reached destination.
"Ugh. Its Never Micah" mused Rory.
"Oh. Rory" returned Never Micah.
"Well, you certainly are never," exclaimed Rory.
"Yes, I am," conceded Never Micah. "But it's been said that I'm also disheveled!"
And they set to work fighting; the dust flew like anything. They'd have gone on fighting ever so much longer, only the cocks began to crow.
And Rory the Smug defeated Micah and placed her on a stump by the roadside. God evidently did it to punish Never Micah for her disheveledness.
A repulsive spider known as Kai came into the region of a small village.
Rory was driven from his hovel.
Devoted Logan, a friend of Rory, needed a wondrous object or two. Possibly three. No more than that. Unless they were collectible.
Rory left hovel to cut down the tallest tree in the forest with a herring.
Rory was challenged to prove heroic qualities.
Rory responded to this test.
Rory was found by Barry again.
"Here," said Barry, "you'll need this," and gave Rory the Singing Telegram.
"What's this?" asked Rory the Smug.
"What does it look like?" replied Barry. "It's a special, magical Singing Telegram. Perhaps you can use it in your struggle with Kai."
"Thanks!" said a grateful Rory.
Rory reached destination.
"Oh, it's you, Repulsive Kai" said Rory the Smug.
"Well, look who this is: Rory the Smug" retorted Repulsive Kai.
"Well, you certainly are apathetic," muttered Rory the Smug.
"Yes, I am," conceded Repulsive Kai. "But it's been said that I'm also repulsive!"
Rory the Smug deployed the Singing Telegram to vanquish Kai.
The repulsive spider was never seen again.
There came into the region of a small village a very sinister cloud known as Tatum.
Rory was driven from his hovel.
Smug Jessie, a friend of Rory the Smug, needed a wondrous object or two. Possibly three. No more than that. Unless they were collectible.
Rory left hovel to cut down the tallest tree in the forest with a flounder.
Rory was challenged to prove heroic qualities.
Rory responded to this test.
Rory met Cisco again.
"Here," said Cisco, "you'll need this," and gave Rory the Smug the Temporal-Phase-Infinite-Auxiliary Relay.
"What's this?" asked Rory the Smug.
"What does it look like?" replied Cisco. "It's a special, magical Temporal-Phase-Infinite-Auxiliary Relay. Perhaps you can use it in your struggle with Tatum."
"Thanks!" said a grateful Rory.
Rory reached destination.
"I'll see you in Hell, Tatum the Callous" rumbled Rory the Smug.
"Ugh. It's Rory the Smug" responded Tatum the Callous.
"Well, you certainly are sinister," noted Rory the Smug.
"Yes, I am," conceded Tatum the Callous. "But it's been said that I'm also callous!"
"Don't go bragging like that!" says Rory the Smug
Presently the midnight hour sounded. The earth began to shake, and the cloud came rushing up, and burst right through the fence into the park, so huge was it.
Rory the Smug pulled himself together, leapt to his feet, crossed himself, and went straight at the cloud.
It fled back, and Rory the Smug ran after it.
But he soon saw that he couldn't catch it on foot, so he hastened to the stable, laid his hands on the best horse there, and set off in pursuit.
Presently he came up with the cloud, and they began a fight. They fought and fought; Rory gave the cloud three wounds.
At last they were both utterly exhausted, so they lay down to take a short rest.
But the moment Rory the Smug closed his eyes, up jumped the cloud and took to flight.
Rory the Smug's horse awoke him; up he jumped in a moment, and set off again in pursuit, caught up to the cloud, and again began fighting with it.
Again Rory the Smug gave the cloud three wounds, and then he and the cloud lay down again to rest.
Thereupon away fled the cloud as before. Rory caught it up, and again gave it three wounds.
But all of a sudden, just as Rory began chasing it for the fourth time, the cloud fell to the ground.
Rory was driven from his hovel.
Rory left to cut down the tallest tree in the forest with a salmon.
Rory was challenged to prove heroic qualities.
Rory responded to this test.
Rory the Smug was found by Cisco yet again.
"Here," said Cisco, "you'll need this," and gave Rory the Smug the Static-Electron-Temporal-Auxiliary Singularity.
"What's this?" asked Rory the Smug.
"What does it look like?" replied Cisco. "It's a special, magical Static-Electron-Temporal-Auxiliary Singularity. Perhaps you can use it in your struggle with Impossible Julia."
"Thanks!" said a grateful Rory.
Rory reached destination.
"Well, look who this is: Impossible Julia" mused Rory the Smug.
"I'll see you in Hell, Rory the Smug" replied Impossible Julia.
"Well, you certainly are cruel," ejected Rory the Smug.
"Yes, I am," conceded Impossible Julia. "But it's been said that I'm also impossible!"
Impossible Julia arrives and thrusts her arm at the window. Rory the Smug cut off the bony thing, and Impossible Julia disappeared, howling, leaving her arm behind.
Impossible Julia was struck down by the hand of Rory the Smug. God did it to punish Julia for her cruelness.
Rory set out for his hovel.
So Rory went on walking all night and all next day. Eventually he reached a small village.
Rory was chased.
The pursuit ended.
Rory arrived in a small village but was unrecognized.
Kamryn made unfounded claims of Rory's adventures, nobody believed them.
Barry charged Rory to cut down the tallest tree in the forest with a tilapia.
Rory was then recognized, and the village asked for Kamryn's forgiveness.
Rory married. It was a good life.
Years passed, but Rory still mourned the stinging loss of Samuel. After that he lived long and happily, survived to a great age, and then died peacefully.
In all the world there is nothing stranger than the truth, and it all happened exactly as I have told you, for I was there, as sure as my name is Phellen.
The End